README.md, before:

# recipe-share-app

## Weekend Updates 23/24 Jan
- Researched ideas, decided against socket.io
- Researched best set-up for database(MongoDB vs PostgreSQL)
- Learned React native basics through code along tutorial(Built tesla app clone)

## Monday Updates 25 Jan
- Built backend to include authorization/authentication with jwt/bcrypt all routes and models included
- Built a backend cheatsheet for future use with some basic templates [Backend](https://github.com/mdcoxe/dev-notebook/blob/main/Recipe-Sharing-App-Notes.md)

## Tuesday Updates 26 Jan
- ~~Verify models work~~
    - Models work, verified in postman
- ~~Test routes and authorization~~
    - Routes work, verified in Postman
- Read up on google and facebook authentication
- Wireframe frontend
- Initialize react native frontend




## User Stories
- All users should be able to create multiple recipes, share/edit/delete specific recipes created by said user
- Each user should be able to view any recipes that are marked public, favorite/save public recipe for future reference
- Each user should be able to share specific recipe to specific user(aka friend or family)


## MVP
- Deployed
- Used new tech - React Native, Google/Facebook Auth API
- Users can register, login, log out
- Users can create, edit, and delete
- Users can favorite/save recipe
- Users can sort list of all recipes viewable by user(all public + all private owned by user)
- Finished product styling

Commit message:

Initialized React Native, set-up dev environment

README.md, after:

# recipe-share-app

## Weekend Updates 23/24 Jan
- Researched ideas, decided against socket.io
- Researched best set-up for database(MongoDB vs PostgreSQL)
- Learned React native basics through code along tutorial(Built tesla app clone)

## Monday Updates 25 Jan
- Built backend to include authorization/authentication with jwt/bcrypt all routes and models included
- Built a cheatsheet for future use with some basic templates =>> [Cheatsheet](https://github.com/mdcoxe/dev-notebook/blob/main/Recipe-Sharing-App-Notes.md)

## Tuesday Updates 26 Jan
- ~~Verify models work~~
    - Models work, verified in postman
- ~~Test routes and authorization~~
    - Routes work, verified in Postman
- Read up on google and facebook authentication
- ~~Wireframe frontend~~ Did on whiteboard instead
- ~~Initialize react native frontend~~ React Native front end initialized with ios, android and web running




## User Stories
- All users should be able to create multiple recipes, share/edit/delete specific recipes created by said user
- Each user should be able to view any recipes that are marked public, favorite/save public recipe for future reference
- Each user should be able to share specific recipe to specific user(aka friend or family)


## MVP
- Deployed
- Used new tech - React Native, Google/Facebook Auth API
- Users can register, login, log out
- Users can create, edit, and delete
- Users can favorite/save recipe
- Users can sort list of all recipes viewable by user(all public + all private owned by user)
- Finished product styling
